# Manual for LogTPc
LogTPc is the basic version of our algorithm for problems where agents all have concave and differentiable utility functions.
In LogTPc, we apply the predictor-corrector method to numerically trace a path generated by a homotopy system H(s,t) = 0. (s in [0,1]^{2L} and t in [0,1]) This path finally leads to a pairwise stable network.
We find the starting point of the path with our Matlab functions `init.m` and `u0.m`.
In the iterations, we compute the value of the mapping H with Matlab functions `F.m`, `def.m` and `homof.m`. In the corrector step, we solve the equations regarding H with the Matlab function `fsolve`.

# Technical details

- `main.m`: the main program of LogTPc, including the parameter settings and the
implementation of the predictor-corrector method.

- `links.m`: to show the set of all possible links.
  
	Input: N, number of players.

	Output: an L × 2 matrix lin (global variable) whose each row represents a possible
	link. For example, the row given by (i, j) represents the link between agent i and
	j.

- `init.m`:  to search for the starting point of the homotopy path.
  
 	Input: none.
 
	Output: a 2L × 1 vector y such that [y;0] is the starting point of the
 	homotopy path.

- `u0.m`: to compute the elements of the homotopy system at t=0.
  
  	Input: x, link strength; i in {1,2..L}, j in {1,2}, index for the link and player (in the sense of "lin").
  
	Output: the 2i-2+j -th element of the homotopy system at t=0.

- `F.m`: to combine the favorite strength via the decision of link players.
 
 	Input: t in [0,1], t-value; s in [0,1]^{2L}, the vector of favorite
 	strengths; p in [0,1]^{3L}, the prior.

 	Output: y in [0,1]^L, a network derived from the decision of link
 	players (by combining the favorite strengths of different agents upon the same link).

- `def.m`: to compute the partial derivatives of the utility functions at point s in [0,1]^{2L} with
 respect to a given network x.

 	Input: s in [0,1]^{2L}, the vector of favorite strengths; x: a network in
 	in [0,1]^{L}.
 
 	Output: an N*N matrix whose (i,j) and (j,i) -th element equals to the
	partial derivatives of agent i and j's utility functions with respect to
	link ij, respectively.

- `homof.m`: to compute the homotopy system.
  
 	Input: x, the point x in [0,1]^{2L+1}.

 	Output: y, the value of the homotopy system (in [0,1]^{2L}).

- `ahomof.m`: the system of equations to solve in the corrector step.
 
 	Input: x, the point x in [0,1]^{2L+1}.

 	Output: y, the value of the system of equations in the corrector step (in [0,1]^{2L+1}).

# Applications
The codes in this folder handle a patent race model of Goyal & Joshi (2006). As argued in our paper, the utility functions in the patent race model are sometimes not concave. As a result, the algorithm may end at some networks that are not pairwise stable. To solve this problem, we draw the graphs of the utility functions via `check_PS.m`. With the graphs, one can easily check the pairwise stability of a certain network, according to our Theorem 2.

When applying LogTPc to a new problem, one has to adjust the parameters in `main.m` and the formulas in `def.m` and `u0.m`. In folder  `src/LogTPc/Version:public-good`, we present the version
applied to a public good provision model of Bramoulle & Kranton (2007) in Section 5.4 of our paper. We remove the redundant copies of codes. To derive the whole software, we only have to substitute the code files `main.m`, `def.m`, and `u0.m` with the corresponding ones in the folder `src/LogTPc/Version:public-good`.


# References
1. Goyal S, Joshi S (2006). Unequal connections. International Journal of Game Theory, 34:319–349.
2. Bramoulle Y, Kranton R (2007). Public goods in networks. Journal of Economic Theory, 135:478–494.

